Analysis for Patients Strategics Healthcare
Key Findings
The Patients history shows a clear vision of good health overall in each country allocated across regions, states, and months.
Planned staff and team cooperation required for emergency needs without delay.
Expert Doctors advanced technology  for quick remedy and impact in high Positive remarks and excellent Quality.
Monthly ICU changes or any less ward for patients should not affect in any aspects or happen further for less death ratings.
 Provide the analysis insights:

Descriptive Analysis:-
What is the overall total number of Summary with Patients in/out/Readmit/Death Percentages observed with high or low difference or major impact after discharges in Healthcare ?
The total number of Patients admitted in various city locations with Different colors observed in Patient analysed with IN-Patient total count with 136 and 290 found with Out-Patient After Health Recovery.
As Analyzed Inside Healthcare IN-Patient Admission Record found the total                  count of 21 patients Bed occupied status observed overall with Green colour  indicates that Megan F Langford city with less Treatment cost 14.28 as compared with other different city and location wise .
Data Visualised with the number of Readmission cases found with the highest level of Range 840.61 with total count of 21 male admitted as compared to Female with less count of 18 members  with 132 Ranges after discharge summary Report.
 
Diagnostic Analysis:-
Patients IN Readmitted cases in the dermatology department observed the high level of Percentages for females inside ICU Wards 265.46 as compared to Male Report .
Likewise  Patients in recovery for the Cardiology department range covers the highest level in the ICU Room for Male covering overall 929.49 with 49 members found for emergency Purposes. 
Male Patients admitted in the Gynaecology department rise to the highest level of Normal with overall Percentages 796.37 with a total 123 counts measured as compared to Female members inside Normal wards.
Female inside Neurology department members above 50 age unfortunately death arises with the highest range of 840.61.
      


Predictive Analytics 
OPD OUTPATIENT DEPARTMENT (OPD) observed that certain male oncology diseases found with Discharge summary from normal and icu again these readmitted since un recovery with high count Patient of 20041 Bed aged above 50 with 20083 till recovery time.
The below average of 6- 20 ages record states that outpatient recovery after discharge recovery soon becomes outpatient with the given sum of ETR target Time without delay or Readmission Procedure with expected Health Strategics.
  Prescriptive Analytics 
The Purpose to optimize patient recovery outcomes without delayed Process and Readmitted cases should be analysed for better recovery without Postponed or critical Patient’s death and resources enough to make sure high count of Percentage in ICU Ward can be avoided further for excellent services with latest AI Technology.
Recommend early discharge plans and no more readmitted cases for high-risk patients impact on better health strategics and healthcare .
Suggesting some New AI Technology for each department to Prevent maximum level of highest ranges of readmitted recovery patients till death circumstances.
Optimize bed allocation before to avoid non availability and complaints .  

10. Conclusions 
     The integration of Excel and Power BI proved effective for end-to-end Patients data analysis, from raw data to visual Report using Excel,PowerBi Technology for each patient's safety measurement and quick Recovery with good Health assurance with excellent services Provided by doctors associated with staff inside each clinic and hospital targets with their own mission and vision and good Quality with Medical challenges undergone with AI Healthcare Latest Technology.


